Info about self-hosted runners github workflows (#66)
XenitAB/xenitab.github.io: docs/xks/operator-guide/github.md

      AZURE_CREDENTIALS_PROD: ${{ secrets.AZURE_CREDENTIALS_PROD }}
```

### Self-hosted runners

> GitHub workflows is still rather immature and have a number of features missing.
> One of these are that it's currently not possible to use self-hosted runners in github organization X while calling on workflows in github organization Y.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's currently not possible to use self-hosted runners in github organization X while calling on workflows in github organization Y.
```
I think mentioning the maturity of GH workflows isn't relevant here, even if I share and understand your frustration.

If you disagree, here's my more conservative suggestion with just grammar fix:
```suggestion
GitHub workflows is still rather immature and a number of features are missing from it.
One of these is that it's currently not possible to use self-hosted runners hosted in GitHub organization X while calling on workflows in GitHub organization Y.
```

To be able to use self-hosted runners you have to import the repository to organization X **not fork** the [workflow repository](https://github.com/XenitAB/azure-devops-templates)

> and make it public. Else private repositories located in organization X won't be able to find the workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and make it public. If you don't do this private repositories located in organization X won't be able to find the workflows.
```
